# WeatherApp

WeatherApp is a simple React Native application that displays weather information, including current conditions, a 4-day forecast, and a list of favorite cities.

## Screenshots

![Home Screen] [Screenshot_20240713-212612](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9357a021-ad36-4ec9-aa93-96b9009ad929)
![Forecast Screen] [Screenshot_20240713-212627](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/da071b01-d3b7-4431-8865-847309eb1208)

![Favorites Screen] [Screenshot_20240713-211654](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a8e87c44-8d78-480f-8b39-203320428fdc)

## Features

- **Home Screen**: Displays current weather conditions for a selected city.
- **Forecast Screen**: Shows a 4-day weather forecast.
- **Favorites Screen**: Allows users to manage a list of favorite cities.

## Technologies Used

- React Native
- Expo
- OpenWeatherMap API
- Local Storage for storing favorite cities

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Helmi555/WeatherApp.git
    cd WeatherApp
    ```

2. **Install dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. **Set up environment variables**:
    - Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your OpenWeatherMap API key:
    ```env
    EXPO_PUBLIC_API_KEY=your_openweathermap_api_key
    ```

4. **Start the application**:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Usage

1. **Run the app**:
    - Use the Expo Go app to scan the QR code generated by the `npm start` command.
    - Alternatively, run the app on an emulator or a physical device.

2. **Navigate through the app**:
    - Home: View current weather conditions.
    - Forecast: Check the 4-day weather forecast.
    - Favorites: Manage your list of favorite cities.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

For any questions or suggestions, please contact me at [helmiabdelghani00@gmail.com].

---

This project is created for learning and skill growth in React Native. It demonstrates basic features and serves as a starting point for further development.
